Bun SDK copyedits (#8099)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-config/javascript.bun.mdx

  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});
```

> Once configured, you can capture exceptions manually, like the next example shows.

Author: ```suggestion
Once configured, you can capture exceptions manually, as the following example shows.
```
